Sample "simple" configurations that demonstrate using combinations of handlers
They consist of pairs of file, config.XXX and XXX.html.  To test, run
   java -jar brazil.jar -c config.XXX port nnnn
and point your browser to:
   http://localhost:nnnn/XXX.html

Some examples need additional jar files.  To test run:
   java -classpath brazil.jar[:OTHER.jar ...]  sunlabs.brazil.server.Main \
      -c config.XXX port nnnn
   See the notes in config.XXX for more details
and use your browser, as above.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Samples

config.form
   Shows an example of <form> tag processing, demonstrating that 
   application processing is identical, no matter whether the form
   is method=GET, method=POST, or encoding=form/multipart.

config.formhelp
   Demonstrates using the FormHelpTemplate to provide dynamic
   field spacific help for html forms

config.nat
   Demonstrates a "reverse proxy" setup, which allows multiple servers
   running behind a NAT to be accesible via one port-forwarded machine
   and port.

config.proxy
   Shows a simple web proxy that is also a server

config.sql
   Shows a simple sql example.
   This requires a jdbc driver jar file for your favorite sql database.

config.bean
   Shows a simple Bean Shell example The "beanshell.jar" must be
   in your class path.

config.builtin
   The config file included in the jar file with Brazil releases, to
   deliver the Brazil java-docs.

config.cgi
   Simple web server configuration that delivers files and runs cgi scripts.

config.extract
   Demonstrates the use of the <extract> tag to "parse" values using
   regular expressions.

config.resource
   Demonstrates a web site contained within the jar file.  Individual
   files may be "overridden" by providing newer versions in the file system

config.smtp
   Demonstrates how to send an email message from a web page using the
   SMTPTemplate

config.sort
   Demonstrates various ways of using the "sort" option of the "foreach" tag of
   the BSLTemplate

config.translate
   Shows how to use the IncludeTemplate to fetch content from a remote site,
   and then "extract" useful bits out of it.

config.vote
   Demonstrates how an entire site may be built using a single page
   template, whose processed content changes based on the URL.
   This example presents a "voting" system, where users my cast votes
   for one or more (in this case) state maps.

config.calendar
   Runs "dtcm_lookup", the solaris command line interface to the calendar, 
   and converts it into HTML.  This demonstates both running and extracting
   data from "command line" programs, as well as using date arithmetic to
   generate calendar templates.

config.rexx
   Performs a simple rexxshell script that sets properties in request.props
   and does basic output.  Needs NetRexxC.jar in your classpath. The ReXX
   Shell template is in the contrib directory.

config.macro
   Demonstrates the use of the MacroTemplate to define "BSL" macros.
   
config.misc
   Demonstrates some of the uses of the MiscTemplate

config.basicssl
   Demonstrate how to run a normal (http) and ssl (https) server in
   the same vm

config.derby
   Demonstrate how to use Derby, both as an embedded SQL server, and
   as a network database (assuming you have the right network connector).

config.groovy
   Sample embedded groove code

config.restart
   Using this configuration, you can restart the server by sending
   it a SIGHUP (if your VM supports it - Sun's do).

config.agi
   Demonstrates the Brazil integration with the Asterisk PBX fast AGI
   interface

config.amicommand
   Demonstrates issuing Asterisk AMI commands from a web page.  Make sure
   to change the config file for your Asterisk installation.

config.ajax
   Demonstrates a technique for doing AJAX with Brazil.  This provides
   for asynchronous updates of portions of web pages, as well as non-blocking
   form handling.

config.asterisk
   Demonstrates using the Asterisk AMI event notification in conjunction
   with "ajax".

config.php
   Demonstrates how to run php scripts intented for use with apache and
   mod_php with Brazil using the CgiHandler

config.chat
   A minimal working chat/IRC system.  USer's choose a screen name, then
   send messages that are received by all users.

config.validate
   A sample showing how to use the ValidateTemplate for from validation

config.after
   Demonstrates the "AfterTemplate".  This allows template markup
   to be processed after a page has been delivered to the client.
   It is often used for cleaning up client resources, or starting
   long running jobs on the client's behalf without making the client
   wait.
